Radiant Punch Dalmatian

High

# Attacker can steal funds by depositing dummy tokens in Solana vault

### Summary

The `solana_vault::deposit` function does not validate the passed `deposit_token` mint account: it does not ensure the `deposit_token` mint is the `allowed_token.mint_account` account.

An attacker can pass in dummy mint account instead of the USDC mint while passing the `allowed_token` account of USDC and setting the `token_hash`, the rest of the parameters to the USDC deposit values.

As a result, the `deposit` function will transfer the dummy tokens to the vault token account and send a **USDC** deposit message to the Orderly chain. The attacker can then initiate withdrawal through the `SolConnecter.withdraw` on the Orderly chain to withdraw USDC.


### Root Cause

Lack of validations on the `deposit_token` mint account.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/vault_instr/deposit.rs#L48-L49

The `deposit_token` is only used to ensure user and vault token accounts are of the `deposit_token` mint. No check to ensure `deposit_token == allowed_token.mint_account`

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

The program is in use and accumulated 10 million USDC in the Solana vault.

1. Eve, an attacker, creates a dummy token `DUMMY` with `6` decimals and mints `10 million` DUMMY tokens to the Eve's associated token account for `DUMMY`.
2. Eve calls the deposit function and sets
    - `deposit_token` account to `DUMMY` token mint account
    - `user_token_account` and `vault_token_account` to the associated token accounts with `DUMMY` mint.
    - `allowed_token`: `AllowedToken` account of USDC mint.
    - Rest of the accounts are set to the correct standard accounts
    -  `DepositParams.token_hash` to USDC token hash
    - `DepositParams.token_amount` to 10 million USDC
3. The `deposit` function sends the USDC deposit message to the Orderly chain through layer zero while transferring dummy tokens to the vault.
4. The Ledger records Eve balance as 10 million USDC.
5. Eve initiates withdrawal on ledger which calls `SolConnector.withdraw` to withdraw 10 million USDC
6. The `SolConnector.withdraw` sends withdrawal message to Solana and Eve's account receives 10 million USDC.

### Impact

Attacker can steal all funds in the Solana vault.

The following invariant mentioned in the readme is violated:

> The USDC balance of Vault program on Solana is no less than the Vault balance record on Ledger contract on Orderly chain

### PoC

Not needed

### Mitigation

Add anchor constraint to `deposit_token` mint that checks `deposit_token == allowed_token.mint_account`.