Radiant Punch Dalmatian

High

# Attacker can steal user funds by calling solana_vault::lz_receive with their token accounts

### Summary

The `solana_vault::lz_receive` function does not check the relation between the `user` account passed in the instruction accounts and the `receiver` in the withdrawal message. 

As a result, attacker can call `lz_receive` with an unprocessed message received on the bridge and set the `user`, `user_deposit_wallet` accounts to their own accounts. The program will transfer the tokens to the attacker instead of the actual intended receiver.

### More Details

The LayerZero V2 separates the `delivery` and `execution` of the messages. After the sender sends a message, the delivery and execution happens in the following steps:

1. DVN verifies the message
2. `EndpointV2::InitVerify` is called to create a payload account
3. `EndpointV2::verify` is called to update the payload hash in the account
4. One of the LZ off-chain executors which was assigned the "job"
    a. Uses the `OAppLzReceiveTypesAccounts` to get the list of accounts to pass to `lz_receive_types`.
    b. Calls the `lz_receive_types` of the OApp with the message to get the list of accounts to pass to `lz_receive`.
    c. The executor calls the LZ `executor` program using the message and the accounts. The executor program then calls the OApp's `lz_receive` instruction.
5. The OApp's `lz_receive` function ensures the validity of the message by calling the `EndpointV2::clear` function. The function only succeeds for messages which are received over the bridge and are verified by the DVN's i.e `EndpointV2::verify` is called for the message.


Multiple executors are run in parallel and the executor which gets the `job` will call the `lz_receive`.

Because the `delivery (verifiication)` of the message and the execution of the message are separated, an attacker can call the `lz_receive` after step `3` with their own accounts but with a verified withdrawal message. The `lz_receive` function of `solana_vault` ignores the `receiver` value in the message and directly transfers the tokens to the account provided in the instruction accounts.

This allows an attacker to take a withdrawal message of a user and steal the withdrawn tokens. The attack can be repeated for all withdrawals.

Code Snippets:

The `solana_vault::lz_receive_types` function calls `oapp::endpoint_cpi::clear()` https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L75-L92

The `user` account is not verified:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L31-L33


### Root Cause

The `solana_vault::lz_receive` function does not ensure `user_account == withdraw_params.receiver`.

### Internal pre-conditions

No pre-conditions are required.

### External pre-conditions

No pre-conditions are required.

### Attack Path

1. Bob, an honest user, withdraws 100k USDC on the Orderly chain. The ledger calls `SolConnector.withdraw` and the `withdraw` function sends the withdrawal message to Solana.
2. LayerZero DVN verifies Bob's withdrawal message and updates the payload hash on the endpoint program.
3. Eve, an attacker, calls the `solana_vault::lz_receive` function with Bob's withdrawal message  and correct accounts as would be returned by the `lz_receive_types` 
except for
    - `user` account: sets it to their own account
    - `user_deposit_wallet` account: sets it to the their associated account for USDC
4. Eve receives `100k` USDC that Bob should have received.

Eve repeats this for all in-transit withdrawal messages.

Note the attacker have to call the `solana_vault::lz_receive` function before the LayerZero's executor does. 

The LayerZero V2 delivery and execution are separated. Executors are run-in parallel and work based on jobs. A slight delay between verification and execution could be expected allowing an attacker to call the `lz_receive` function. Even without any delay, the executor will have to call `lz_receive_types` first and then call the `lz_receive` function. Given the block-time is in milliseconds on Solana, attacker can perform the attack without any limitations. 

Attacker can monitor for the `EndpointV2::verify` transaction and call the `lz_receive` function. Attacker can front-run the executor's txn in the worst-case scenario.


### Impact

Attacker can steal 100% of the tokens that are being withdrawn by users.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add anchor constraint in `lz_receive` instruction for the `user` account to ensure `user == Pubkey::new_from_array(params.receiver)`