Small Amethyst Puppy

High

# All Orderly -> Solana withdrawals can be stolen

### Summary

Missing validations in the `solana_vault::lz_receive(...)` function makes all withdrawal requests from Orderly -> Solana be at risk of theft by an attacker.

### Root Cause

Users initiate withdrawals via an offchain CeFi app. An on-chain component picks this up, and it sends the LayerZero message via the `SolConnector` contract.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L97

A `_withdrawData.receiver` is included in the LayerZero payload, which presumably _should_ be the withdrawal recipient on Solana.

Once LayerZero has validated the message on the Solana side, anybody can call `solana_vault::lz_receive(...)`, which executes the logic in `OAppLzReceive::apply`. This differs from the EVM logic, where only the LayerZero endpoint can call `lzReceive`.

`OAppLzReceive::apply` checks that the provided params etc are valid and were successfully validated by LayerZero (occurs in another transaction via `LayerZero::endpoint::init_verify`), before then executing the transfer logic to move USDC from the vault to the recipient.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L110-L123

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L65-L73


The accounts used in the transfer context do not use the recipient/receiver from the decoded LayerZero `withdraw_params` payload. Instead they use the `user_deposit_wallet` that was passed into the original instruction context.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L32-L40

For any valid LayerZero payloads, an attacker can pass virtually **ANY** `user_deposit_wallet `as long as the passed in `user` account is the corresponding ATA authority, and the ATA mint is USDC (or other mints when Orderly supports more tokens). The recipient/receiver from the decoded payload is completely ignored in this instruction.

The final result is that the `solana_vault` transfers the token amount specified in the payload to the attacker provided `user_deposit_wallet`, and the LayerZero message is now considered to be completed. The original sender will have had tokens deducted from their balance on Orderly / the CeFi app, and an attacker has received them on the Solana side.

### Internal pre-conditions

The only pre-conditions are that:

1) A user initiates an off-chain withdrawal request on the CeFi app / Orderly, which is picked up by Orderly's operator which sends the LayerZero message via the `SolConnector.sol` `withdraw` function.

2) LayerZero picks this up and it is validated via `LayerZero::endpoint::init_verify(...)`, which creates a `PayloadHash` account that will later be used and closed during `solana_vault::lz_receive(...)`

### External pre-conditions

N/A

### Attack Path

1) A user initiates an off-chain withdrawal request on the CeFi app / Orderly, which is picked up by Orderly's operator which sends the LayerZero message via the `SolConnector.sol` `withdraw` function.

2) LayerZero picks this up and it is validated via `LayerZero::endpoint::init_verify(...)`, which creates a `PayloadHash` account that will later be used and closed during `solana_vault::lz_receive(...)`

3) An attacker calls `solana_vault::lz_receive(...)`. They pass in valid accounts and params from steps 1 & 2 (such as the `PayloadHash` account included in `ctx.remaining_accounts`), but provide an arbitrary `user` and `user_token_account`. 

Since valid params and accounts were passed for a legitimate LayerZero message, this will execute `LayerZero::endpoint::Clear(...)` successfully and close the `PayloadHash` account from step 2

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L78-L92

At this point there are no further account validation checks, and the `solana_vault` transfers USDC to the attacker provided `user_token_account`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L117-L123

### Impact

Users that initiate withdrawal requests from Orderly / the CeFi app can suffer a 100% loss of their withdrawal amount.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

LayerZero already handles validation that the provided params/payload is legitimate.

If we can assume that LayerZero behaves correctly, then we can assume that the provided `params.message` is legitimate, and is correctly decoded into an `LzMessage`, which in turn is correctly decoded into `AccountWithdrawSol` (the `withdraw_params` variable).

A check can be introduced which ensures that the decoded `withdraw_params.receiver` is the same PubKey as either the `user` OR `user_deposit_wallet` account PubKey.

This ensures that `solana_vault::lz_receive(...)` instructions can ONLY be executed successfully when the provided `user` / `user_deposit_wallet` is the same as what was requested and signed by the initiating user on the Orderly / CeFi app side.

```diff
        if lz_message.msg_type == MsgType::Withdraw as u8 {
            let withdraw_params = AccountWithdrawSol::decode_packed(&lz_message.payload).unwrap();
+          require!(
+              withdraw_params.receiver == ctx.accounts.user.key.to_bytes(),
+              OAppError::Unauthorized
+          );
```
