Radiant Punch Dalmatian

Medium

# Attacker can steal funds by withdrawing a token different from the request withdrawal token

### Summary

The `solana_vault::lz_receive` function does not the check that the `deposit_token` mint account is the token mint corresponding to the `token_hash` in the withdrawal message being processed. An attacker can supply different token mint as the `deposit_token` mint account than in the message. The vault would transfer these tokens instead of the actual tokens. 

Essentially, an attacker withdraws one token on the Orderly chain and receives a different token of same amount on Solana side. Attacker profits from the difference in the value of the two accounts.

The LayerZero V2 separates the delivery and execution of the messages. As a result, anyone can call `solana_vault::lz_receive` function once the withdrawal message has been verified by LZ DVN's and has been delivered.  

This allows an attacker to call `lz_receive` with their own accounts and the **verified** message.

### Root Cause

The `solana_vault::lz_receive` instruction does not check `deposit_token` account is the `mint` account corresponding to the `token_hash` in the withdrawal message.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L56-L57

### Internal pre-conditions

1. `vault_authority` owns  more than one token, USDC and some X.

This is possible if `solana_vault` adds support for tokens other than USDC as indicated by code comments:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/state/oapp_state/oapp_config.rs#L11-L13

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. `solana_vault` has collected deposits of 1 million USDC. `vault_authority` owns 1 million USDC
2. `OApp` is reinitialized with `X` token that has `6` decimals and value of `0.5` USD.
3. Attacker deposits 100k `X` tokens and the ledger is updated.
4. Attacker initiates withdrawal of the deposited 100k `X` tokens
    - `SolConnector` sends the withdrawal message.
    - LZ DVN's has verified the message and updated the endpoint program
5. Attacker calls `lz_receive` function with the verified message but sets
    - `deposit_token` mint to the USDC mint and the ATA accounts to the USDC mint accounts
6. Vault transfers 100k USDC tokens instead of X tokens
7. Attacker deposited low value token and withdrawn more valuable token.

### Impact

Attacker can steal protocol tokens

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_