Tangy Mocha Fox

Medium

# Executor will attempt unordered execution of messages because ordered execution option is not set

### Summary

The **ordered execution option** is [not set](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L92-L95) when doing `_lzSend()` in `SolConnector.withdraw()`. If it is not set, the Executor will attempt unordered execution of messages even when `SolanaVault` expects them to be [ordered](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L94-L99).

### Root Cause

In [`SolConnector.withdraw():92-95`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L92-L95), the ordered execution option is not set. Not setting the ordered execution option will mean the Executor will [default](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/oapp/message-design-patterns#code-example-2) to unordered execution. 

> If you do not pass an ExecutorOrderedExecutionOption in your _lzSend call, the Executor will attempt to execute the message despite your application-level nonce enforcement, leading to a message revert.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. An Operator or Manager executes the withdraw action on the Ledger which calls `SolConnector`'s [`withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L77-L98).
2. In Solana, the Executor (an off-chain program) processes the executor options for the LayerZero message and sees that it is not set as ordered execution. The Executor attempts to execute the LayerZero message out-of-order after its verification.
3. The message reverts and it will not be executed until it is manually retried.

### Impact

`SolanaVault` can be configured for [ordered delivery](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L94-L99), but the Executor will always attempt unordered execution. This breaks core contract functionality, which is ordered delivery/execution.  

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider adding the ordered execution option when calling `_lzSend()` in `SolConnector.withdraw()`.

```solidity
    bytes memory withdrawOptions = OptionsBuilder.newOptions().addExecutorLzReceiveOption(
        msgOptions[uint8(MsgCodec.MsgType.Withdraw)].gas,
        msgOptions[uint8(MsgCodec.MsgType.Withdraw)].value
    ).addExecutorOrderedExecutionOption();
```

Since ordered execution can be toggled in `SolanaVault`, this ordered execution option should also be made configurable.