Itchy Gingham Trout

High

# Vulnerability in Vault Authority Bump Usage: Non-Canonical Bump Implementation

### Summary

In the `reinit_oapp.rs` which is a function used to reinitialize the oapp_config takes a `vault_authority` which is a PDA account uses a random bump instead bump saved in the vault_authority's acccount.  

Conclusion : Right bump seed is not used , which will lead to failure in cpis


### Root Cause

Right bump seeds should be used to find the PDA !

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/reinit_oapp.rs#L18-L24


### Impact

1. Wrong account may be choosen which can lead to not reinializing the the account and no creation of oapp_config account.

### PoC
### scenario
1. Setup: A Solana program defines a vault_authority account that is supposed to manage access to a vault. The account is initialized with a specific bump value derived from the canonical method.

2. Vulnerability: The program allows any valid bump to be used when interacting with the vault_authority, leading to multiple valid PDAs for the same seeds.

i. Identify the Seeds: An attacker identifies the seeds used to derive the `vault_authority` PDA, such as VAULT_AUTHORITY_SEED.
ii. Generate Multiple Bumps: The attacker uses the find_program_address function to generate multiple valid bump values for the same seeds. For example:
iii. Create Multiple PDAs: The attacker initializes multiple `vault_authority` accounts using different bump values:
iv. Access Vault Resources: The attacker can now use both PDAs to access vault resources, effectively bypassing the intended access controls. 


### Mitigation

Ensure these changes are enforced
```diff
 #[account(
        seeds = [VAULT_AUTHORITY_SEED],
-       bump,
+       bump=vault_authority.bump
        has_one = owner @ VaultError::InvalidVaultOwner
    )]
```