Itchy Gingham Trout

High

# Users can set rate_limit in the wrong peer account

### Summary

In the file `programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/set_rate_limit.rs` , there is a potential issue with the bump seed used in the derivation of a Program Derived Address (PDA). The bump seed is specified without ensuring it is the correct canonical bump, which can lead to non-deterministic behavior and security vulnerabilities.

```rust
   pub admin: Signer<'info>,
    #[account(
        mut,
        seeds = [PEER_SEED, &oapp_config.key().to_bytes(), &params.dst_eid.to_be_bytes()],
        bump
    )]
```

Context : 
Given a set of seeds, the create_program_address function will produce a valid PDA about 50% of the time. The bump seed is an additional byte added as a seed to "bump" the derived address into a valid territory. Since there are 256 possible bump seeds and the function produces valid PDAs approximately 50% of the time, there are many valid bumps for a given set of input seeds.

You can imagine that this could cause confusion in locating accounts when using seeds as a way of mapping between known pieces of information to accounts. Using the canonical bump as the standard ensures that you can always find the right account. More importantly, it avoids security exploits caused by the open-ended nature of allowing multiple bumps.

https://solana.com/developers/courses/program-security/bump-seed-canonicalization

### Root Cause

Non-conical Bump usage 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/set_rate_limit.rs#L10-L14


### Impact

In Solana, there can be multiple valid bump values, but the highest bump value that produces a valid PDA is considered the "canonical bump". Using a wrong or non-canonical bump can lead to the creation of a non-standard PDA which might not be recognized or correctly interacted with by other parts of a Solana program.

Moreover, using a wrong bump seed can potentially lead to security vulnerabilities. For instance, if two different bumps produce two valid PDAs for the same set of seeds, it can introduce an ambiguity that could be exploited by malicious actors.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

```diff
    pub admin: Signer<'info>,
    #[account(
        mut,
        seeds = [PEER_SEED, &oapp_config.key().to_bytes(), &params.dst_eid.to_be_bytes()],
-        // bump
+       bump=peer.bump,
    )]
   ```