Itchy Gingham Trout

High

# Integer Overflow Risk at `oapp_lz_receive`

### Summary

`programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs`


The inbound_nonce is set and checked against a condition that could lead to an integer overflow if the nonce reaches its maximum value (u64::MAX). The line params.nonce == ctx.accounts.vault_authority.inbound_nonce + 1 can wrap around to 0 if overflow occurs, potentially leading to incorrect program behavior.

if the inbound_nonce is set to a u::max, then it would overflow.

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/oapp_instr/oapp_lz_receive.rs#L94-L100

If inbound_nonce is at its maximum value (u64::MAX), adding 1 to it will cause the value to wrap around to 0 due to the nature of unsigned integer arithmetic in Rust, which does not automatically check for overflow unless explicitly instructed to do so.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

If the inbound_nonce wraps around to 0 due to an overflow, it could allow replay attacks or unauthorized transactions. Attackers might exploit this to bypass nonce checks, leading to unauthorized access or manipulation of funds.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement checked arithmetic to safely handle potential overflows. Use Rust's checked_add method to ensure that the addition does not exceed the maximum value of the data type.
Define a specific error (OAppError::NonceOverflow) to handle overflow cases gracefully.

```rust
if ctx.accounts.vault_authority.order_delivery {
    let expected_nonce = ctx.accounts.vault_authority.inbound_nonce.checked_add(1)
        .ok_or(OAppError::NonceOverflow)?;
    require!(
        params.nonce == expected_nonce,
        OAppError::InvalidInboundNonce
    );
}
```