Itchy Gingham Trout

High

# Integer Overflow in deposit_nonce

### Summary

Issue: The line ctx.accounts.vault_authority.deposit_nonce += 1; is susceptible to integer overflow. In Rust, integer overflow can lead to unexpected behavior, especially in release mode where it wraps around silently.

```rust
       ctx.accounts.vault_authority.deposit_nonce += 1;
```

Deposit nonce can be set to u64::max at the time reinit vault_authority which may lead to overflowing of deposit_nonce.

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/vault_instr/deposit.rs#L119


### Internal pre-conditions

Deposit nonce is set u64::max using reinit vault method.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

1. The deposit_nonce is likely used to ensure the uniqueness of each deposit transaction. If it overflows, it could wrap around to zero, potentially causing conflicts with previous transactions that had the same nonce value. This could lead to issues in tracking deposits accurately.
2. The deposit_nonce is used in the VaultDeposited event. An overflow could result in incorrect or duplicate event data, which might confuse off-chain systems or users relying on these events for transaction history or auditing.
3. Since the deposit_nonce is part of the message sent to another chain via LayerZero, an overflow could lead to incorrect or duplicate messages being sent. This could disrupt cross-chain operations, potentially causing inconsistencies between chains.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

  if let Some(new_nonce) = ctx.accounts.vault_authority.deposit_nonce.checked_add(1) {
      ctx.accounts.vault_authority.deposit_nonce = new_nonce;
  } else {
      return Err(ProgramError::Custom(0)); // Replace with a meaningful error code
  }