Harsh Pine Octopus

High

# Excessive message fees may get stuck in `SolConnector` contract during cross-chain message sending

### Summary

A lack of user control over the LayerZero refund address in the `SolConnector::withdraw` function will cause a potential loss of excess message fees for users, as the protocol sets the refund address to the `SolConnector` contract itself, which lacks a withdrawal mechanism. If users overpay the message fee, the excessive amount is refunded to the `SolConnector` contract address and becomes inaccessible. This occurs because `SolConnector` does not expose a withdrawal function to retrieve funds, nor does it pass a user-specified refund address to LayerZero.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L77-L98
```javascript
     [sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol]
      77     function withdraw(WithdrawDataSol calldata _withdrawData) external onlyLedger {
      78         AccountWithdrawSol memory withdrawData = AccountWithdrawSol(
      79             Utils.getSolAccountId(_withdrawData.sender, _withdrawData.brokerId),
      80             _withdrawData.sender,
      81             _withdrawData.receiver,
      82             Utils.calculateStringHash(_withdrawData.brokerId),
      83             Utils.calculateStringHash(_withdrawData.tokenSymbol),
      84             _withdrawData.tokenAmount,
      85             _withdrawData.fee,
      86             _withdrawData.chainId,
      87             _withdrawData.withdrawNonce
      88         );
      89 
      90         bytes memory payload = MsgCodec.encodeWithdrawPayload(withdrawData);
      91         bytes memory lzWithdrawMsg = MsgCodec.encodeLzMsg(uint8(MsgCodec.MsgType.Withdraw), payload);
      92         bytes memory withdrawOptions = OptionsBuilder.newOptions().addExecutorLzReceiveOption(
      93             msgOptions[uint8(MsgCodec.MsgType.Withdraw)].gas,
      94             msgOptions[uint8(MsgCodec.MsgType.Withdraw)].value
      95         );
      96         MessagingFee memory _msgFee = _quote(solEid, lzWithdrawMsg, withdrawOptions, false);
      97         _lzSend(solEid, lzWithdrawMsg, withdrawOptions, _msgFee, address(this));
      98     }
```

### Root Cause

In `SolConnector.sol`, at `_lzSend(solEid, lzWithdrawMsg, withdrawOptions, _msgFee, address(this));`, the refund address for any excess message fee is hardcoded to `address(this)`, instead of user's address

### Internal pre-conditions

- `msg.sender` calls `withdraw` function to initiate a cross-chain message.
- An excess amount is paid as the LayerZero message fee, leading to a refund.
- The refund is directed to the `SolConnector` contract address, which lacks a mechanism to withdraw or refund these excess funds to users.


### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

User calls `withdraw()` with the intent of sending a cross-chain message.
The LayerZero `_lzSend()` function is invoked, specifying `address(this)` as the refund address for any excessive message fee.
If the message fee is overpaid, the excess amount is refunded to `SolConnector`, which cannot return the funds to the user due to the absence of a withdrawal function.

### Impact

Users may lose any excess fees refunded by LayerZero as these fees become locked in the `SolConnector` contract. This presents a potential economic impact on users and reduces trust in the protocol, especially since the fees could accumulate over time with frequent usage.

### PoC

A proof-of-concept (PoC) is straightforward. Initiate the `withdraw()` function call with an intentionally overpaid message fee and observe that the refund gets deposited into `SolConnector` instead of returning to the user’s wallet.


### Mitigation

By passing a user-specified refund address, the LayerZero system can direct any excess message fee refunds directly to the user’s address, as outlined in the LayerZero documentation [here](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/oapp/overview#implementing-_lzsend). 