Bouncy Butter Cat

Medium

# Fees refund sent to wrong address

### Summary

While calling _lzSend the refund address is inputted as address(this) instead of the caller.

### Root Cause

In the withdraw function, the contract calls [_lzSend()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L97) to withdraw the funds. 

     _lzSend(solEid, lzWithdrawMsg, withdrawOptions, _msgFee, address(this));

The gas will be from the user and not address(this) due to the check in payNative which requires the msg.value to be greater than _nativefee:

    function _payNative(uint256 _nativeFee) internal virtual returns (uint256 nativeFee) {
        // enable the OApp to pay the native fee
        if (msg.value < _nativeFee && address(this).balance < _nativeFee) revert NotEnoughNative(msg.value);
        return _nativeFee;
    }

 The _lzSend function does the following call:


        uint256 messageValue = _payNative(_fee.nativeFee);
        if (_fee.lzTokenFee > 0) _payLzToken(_fee.lzTokenFee);

        return
            // solhint-disable-next-line check-send-result
            endpoint.send{ value: messageValue }(
                MessagingParams(_dstEid, _getPeerOrRevert(_dstEid), _message, _options, _fee.lzTokenFee > 0),
                _refundAddress
            );
    

In the `_refundAddress` field, the withdraw function  inputs the `_refundAddress` as `address(this)` which causes the gas refund to be sent to the contract address instead of the user who called the function.  The _refundAddress should be `_withdrawData.sender` (the withdraw function caller).

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

- A user calls withdraw function to withdraw the funds.
- The function calls the _lzSend function with the _refundAddress as address(this) .
- The extra gas gets refunded to the contract address instead of the user.


### Impact

If the user inputs high gas fee for some reason (faster execution, surety of transaction getting executed) user loses gas fee meant to be refunded to the user.

### Mitigation

Change `address(this)` to `_withdrawData.sender` for the _refundAddress field.