Raspy Seaweed Bear

High

# Ordering Requirement of Nonces Leads to DoS on Orderly chain

### Summary

Replay protection on Orderly is managed through an incrementing nonce (i.e., `inbound_nonce`) stored in the contract SolConnector. For any successful receive operation, the transaction must use the current nonce. Afterward, the nonce increments, blocking the same cross-chain transaction (CCTX) from being reprocessed.
The nonce must follow a strict increment sequence without skipping. Therefore, if a CCTX cannot be processed for any reason, it remains stuck, halting the processing of subsequent CCTXs.

### Root Cause

In `deposit.rs`, `vault_authority.deposit_nonce` will be sent to the destination chain as a parameter in `vault_deposit_params`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/solana-vault/packages/solana/contracts/programs/solana-vault/src/instructions/vault_instr/deposit.rs#L119-L140

At the destination chain, function `_lzReceive` is called with the message as parameter sent from the source chain. This function includes a condition to check if the nonce provided in the message match the `inbound_nonce` in the contract:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L53-L73

However, if the receive transaction fails on the destination chain, it prevents the increment of `inboundNonce`. Consequently, if any receive transaction reverts, all subsequent bridging transactions will also revert due to the mismatch between `inboundNonce` and `_origin.nonce`, causing DoS.

### Internal pre-conditions

1- The `orderDelivery` boolean should be true in order to preserve the sequential nonce property. This requirement is met by default, since `orderDelivery` is set to true in `initialize` function:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-09-orderly-network-solana-contract/blob/main/sol-cc/contracts/SolConnector.sol#L46-L51

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The SolConnector contract can be functionality bricked by a simple transaction failing with the ordered nonce requirement. This could be done intentionally by a malicious actor or by accident from a user, resulting in a hight impact. The justification of a high vs. a medium is that user tokens can be stuck in the contract intentionally by an attacker since there is no revert and refund mechanism for users tokens if a transaction fails at destination chain.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement the message receiving logic within a try-catch block to ensure the `inboundNonce` is incremented even if the message receiving logic fails. This approach prevents subsequent bridging transactions from being blocked, thereby avoiding potential DoS issues within the protocol. 